README.md, before:

# Hacks/Hackers

[![wercker status](https://app.wercker.com/status/fe62437d890aa393a1bd651a16be98a9/s/master "wercker status")](https://app.wercker.com/project/byKey/fe62437d890aa393a1bd651a16be98a9)

This site is built using [Hugo](https://gohugo.io), a static site generator written in [Go](http://golang.org/). This repository contains the general site configuration and `hackshackers-2017` theme; all of the content should live in the [hackshackers-hugo-content](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo-content) repository, which is a submodule of the main repo.

### Local dev setup

1. [Install](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/) Hugo
1. `$ git clone git@github.com:hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo.git`
1. `$ cd hackshackers-hugo && git submodule init && git submodule update`
1. `$ hugo serve`

That will build the static pages and start the local Go server at [http://localhost:1313/](http://localhost:1313/).

### Working with site assets

```
$ cd themes/hackshackers-2017
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

This will start [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/). Source files that are compiled by Webpack are located in `themes/hackshackers-2017/webpack-src/`. These files should not be loaded directly.

`themes/hackshackers-2017/static/` contains assets that can be referenced directly by HTML pages:

* `webpack/` - compiled Webpack assets
* `images/` - images that belong to the _theme_ (not content images
* `svg/` - SVG assets
* other stuff as needed

Each of these subdirectories of `static` is copied to the _root directory_ when a Hugo build happens. So you would include them with a root-relative URL like:

```
/themes/hackshackers-2017/static/images/work.png
...
<img src="/images/work.png">
```

### Pull requests and deployments

To edit the Hugo site configuration or the theme, fork _this repo_ ([hackshackers-hugo](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo)) and make a pull request.

To edit the content or metadata of existing pages, or to create a new page, fork [hackshackers-hugo-content](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo-content) and make a pull request.

New commits on the `master` branch will trigger an automatic Hugo rebuild and deployment to http://hh-production.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/

The `staging` branch works the same way, but deploys to http://hh-staging.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/

Commit message:

sample content dir for local development without dealing with submodule

README.md, after:

# Hacks/Hackers

[![wercker status](https://app.wercker.com/status/fe62437d890aa393a1bd651a16be98a9/s/master "wercker status")](https://app.wercker.com/project/byKey/fe62437d890aa393a1bd651a16be98a9)

This site is built using [Hugo](https://gohugo.io), a static site generator written in [Go](http://golang.org/). This repository contains the general site configuration and `hackshackers-2017` theme; all of the content should live in the [hackshackers-hugo-content](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo-content) repository, which is a submodule of the main repo.

### Local dev setup

1. [Install](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/) Hugo
1. `$ git clone git@github.com:hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo.git`
1. `$ cd hackshackers-hugo`
1. To develop locally with _sample_ content (recommended most of the time):
  1. `$ hugo --config=devConfig.toml server`
1. To develop locally with _production_ content (Git submodules can be tricky):
  1. `$ git submodule update --init --recursive`
  1. `$ hugo server`

That will build the static pages and start the local Go server at [http://localhost:1313/](http://localhost:1313/).

### Working with site assets

```
$ cd themes/hackshackers-2017
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

This will start [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/). Source files that are compiled by Webpack are located in `themes/hackshackers-2017/webpack-src/`. These files should not be loaded directly.

`themes/hackshackers-2017/static/` contains assets that can be referenced directly by HTML pages:

* `webpack/` - compiled Webpack assets
* `images/` - images that belong to the _theme_ (not content images
* `svg/` - SVG assets
* other stuff as needed

Each of these subdirectories of `static` is copied to the _root directory_ when a Hugo build happens. So you would include them with a root-relative URL like:

```
/themes/hackshackers-2017/static/images/work.png
...
<img src="/images/work.png">
```

### Pull requests and deployments

To edit the Hugo site configuration or the theme, fork _this repo_ ([hackshackers-hugo](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo)) and make a pull request.

To edit the content or metadata of existing pages, or to create a new page, fork [hackshackers-hugo-content](https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo-content) and make a pull request.

New commits on the `master` branch will trigger an automatic Hugo rebuild and deployment to http://hh-production.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/

The `staging` branch works the same way, but deploys to http://hh-staging.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/
