content/hack-this-site/edit-group-page.md, before:

---
title: Edit group data
description: Here's how to add or update the information about your group that appears on this site.
weight: 2
---

So you're organizing a local Hacks/Hackers group. Thank you! Here's how to add or update the information about your group that appears on this site.

All we need to do to launch a group is to create two files.

**Note: These instructions refer to adding/editing group info. To edit a blog post or another non-group page, check out [this doc][1].**

## The Metadata File

In the `/data/groups` directory, each group has a [YAML][2] file with metadata
 that we use to generate all of the group's properties all around the site.
 This includes a pin on the map, information as to when the group was founded,
 and who currently organizes it.

 To see an example, go the [Groups][3] page, and notice that while all sites
 have a pin on the map, some cities additionally have organizer and founder
 information.

 Here's a [full annotated example][4] of what the file looks like.

 If you'd like to add a group, the first step is to create a YML file with
 your city's name, just like the example mentioned above.

You can do everything needed to launch a group with GitHub's text editor.
Alternatively, you can also edit text files onyour machine. Finally,
follow the pull request using the process described [here][1].

## The Group Content Page

There are two ways to host a group site on Hacks Hackers.

Content can be hosted externally, on a site such as MeetUp.com. If this is the
case, specify an `externalUrl` parameter with a link to your site. This means
that when someone clicks on your city's Hacks/Hackers page, the user will be
directed to the external site.

For example: 
```
externalUrl: 'https://www.meetup.com/HacksHackersBA/'
```


Similarly, you can also host your site on the HacksHackers website. To follow
this route, we'll need to create a markdown file with our city's name inside
of the file path `content/groups/your-city-name.md`.

You can code your site using standard markdown information, as well as several
shortcuts offered by Hugo: https://gohugo.io/content-management/shortcodes/

If you go this route, your group's metadata file mentioned above will need to
contain a groupPage parameter that matches the name of the group page file.

It might look something like this:
```
groupPage: buenos-aires
```

As mentioned above, when you're all done with your edits, you'll
want to  create a [pull request][1] for your page to go live.

Updating your group's information is as simple as merging in the pull request.

[1]: /hack-this-site/edit-a-page/
[2]: http://www.yaml.org/start.html
[3]: /groups
[4]: https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo/blob/master/content/data/groups/example-group.yml
[5]: https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo/blob/master/content/groups/example-group.md

Commit message:

update the group site with more information

content/hack-this-site/edit-group-page.md, after:

---
title: Edit group data
description: Here's how to add or update the information about your group that appears on this site.
weight: 2
---

So you're organizing a local Hacks/Hackers group. Thank you! Here's how to add or update the information about your group that appears on this site.

All we need to do to launch a group is to create two files.

**Note: These instructions refer to adding/editing group info. To edit a blog post or another non-group page, check out [this doc][1].**

## The Metadata File

In the `/data/groups` directory, each group has a [YAML][2] file with metadata
 that we use to generate all of the group's properties all around the site.
 This includes a pin on the map, information as to when the group was founded,
 and who currently organizes it.

 To see an example, go the [Groups][3] page, and notice that while all sites
 have a pin on the map, some cities additionally have organizer and founder
 information.

 Here's a [full annotated example][4] of what the file looks like.

 If you'd like to add a group, the first step is to create a YML file with
 your city's name, just like the example mentioned above.

You can do everything needed to launch a group with GitHub's text editor.
Alternatively, you can also edit text files on your machine. Finally,
follow the pull request using the process described [here][1].

## The Group Content Page

There are two ways to host a group site on Hacks Hackers.

Content can be hosted externally, on a site such as MeetUp.com. If this is the
case, specify an `externalUrl` parameter with a link to your site. This means
that when someone clicks on your city's Hacks/Hackers page, the user will be
directed to the external site.

For example:
```
externalUrl: 'https://www.meetup.com/HacksHackersBA/'
```

Similarly, you can also host your site on the HacksHackers website. To follow
this route, we'll need to create a markdown file with our city's name inside
of the file path `content/groups/your-city-name.md`.

You can code your site using standard markdown information, as well as several
shortcuts offered by Hugo: https://gohugo.io/content-management/shortcodes/

The shortcuts allow you to include Tweets, Instagram posts, videos, etc.

If you host your site on the HacksHackers page, be sure to add your organizer
contact information in the metadata page, as well as founding information.
This information is rendered in the group page, and helps to beef up the page
with valuable information. 

If you go this route, your group's metadata file mentioned above will need to
contain a groupPage parameter that matches the name of the group page file.

It might look something like this:
```
groupPage: buenos-aires
```

As mentioned above, when you're all done with your edits, you'll
want to  create a [pull request][1] for your page to go live.

Updating your group's information is as simple as merging in the pull request.

[1]: /hack-this-site/edit-a-page/
[2]: http://www.yaml.org/start.html
[3]: /groups
[4]: https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo/blob/master/content/data/groups/example-group.yml
[5]: https://github.com/hackshackers/hackshackers-hugo/blob/master/content/groups/example-group.md
